fix(MessageType): add some missing message types. (#2382)
hikari-py/hikari: changes/2382.feature.md

> Added THREAD_CREATED, THREAD_STARTER_MESSAGE, INTERACTION_PREMIUM_UPSELL, STAGE_START, STAGE_END, STAGE_SPEAKER, STAGE_TOPIC, GUILD_APPLICATION_PREMIUM_SUBSCRIPTION, and PURCHASE_NOTIFICATION to the MessageType enum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `THREAD_CREATED`, `THREAD_STARTER_MESSAGE`, `INTERACTION_PREMIUM_UPSELL`, `STAGE_START`, `STAGE_END`, `STAGE_SPEAKER`, `STAGE_TOPIC`, `GUILD_APPLICATION_PREMIUM_SUBSCRIPTION`, and `PURCHASE_NOTIFICATION` to the `MessageType` enum.
```

> Added `THREAD_CREATED`, `THREAD_STARTER_MESSAGE`, `INTERACTION_PREMIUM_UPSELL`, `STAGE_START`, `STAGE_END`, `STAGE_SPEAKER`, `STAGE_TOPIC`, `GUILD_APPLICATION_PREMIUM_SUBSCRIPTION`, and `PURCHASE_NOTIFICATION` to the `MessageType` enum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `THREAD_CREATED`, `THREAD_STARTER_MESSAGE`, `INTERACTION_PREMIUM_UPSELL`, `STAGE_START`, `STAGE_END`, `STAGE_SPEAKER`, `STAGE_TOPIC`, `GUILD_APPLICATION_PREMIUM_SUBSCRIPTION`, and `PURCHASE_NOTIFICATION` to `MessageType` enum.
```
